dating in a lace suck so how does this
work just check a box the first one is I
hate you second one is I really really
hate you it would be for real they're
also competed and they all think they're
so I'm sorry there's nothing wrong with
beans because I'm trying to be sweet all
the time but its people mistaken for
weakness and that was the wrong thing
you know maybe you're not strong enough
but you've ruined this car for me know
can we get out of the car he's dying
sometimes too boring exactly there's
that we down there for everybody and
we're meeting nice boys an ice jam I
think I'm actually lighting good cars
lower than the boys all you cared about
was the car huh Theotis forget Carlos I
need the right etefaghan kind of
Harlem's you should never forget job I
her not feel young day today
12 years my junior so did you just
graduate college take your face yeah
baby haha nice state with a nice chef
I'm a chef like I'm a chef sure are you
the chef the chef what does that mean I
guess you're not let's go back to the
head away big back seat oh yeah gardens
I get in the Christmas tree haha bring
me more women